 	Look each scene and coment about what this kids are doing in their home.
 	Again the bear:
 -!Save the seal!
 Yesterday, a hedgehog hurt her.
 Yesterday the pig called.
 -¿Do you have a nightingale?
 Me and the nightingale could sing in your honor.
 -!No way! !No!
 !The pig will never sing with the nightingale!
 Later, already darker, the kangaroo called:
 -Tell me in my ear, ¿does the sheep still lives there?
 I yelled indignant:
 -!You're wrong!
 !You got the wrong number!
 !Call the central!
 	the girl and her little brother in a house like   this  near  amazonas river lives juanita with her dad, her mom and pedrito pedrito likes to play on the edge of the river __ juanita tells pedrito lets play!but the boy was  mischievous and he goes to play alone and pedrito is in danger of drawning so his little sister takes care of him and carries him back home
 	
 	
 	Weep no brother --- --- she Tells juanita going to play with plants. takes this white flower and also these leaves for jueges .
 For the large leaves it says " This is a canoe ." ke leaves by the little girl says " these are butterflies " . pedrito laughs with his sister Juanita , showing the yellow flowers says " these are some cute chicks " . juanita also invents stories and games for pedrito and cherishes it, as his father and mother work . Priate her father and her mother return from the countryside, is happy
 	Since to call cat this is a silly thing! I am not afraid!....
 Well I can look at her of far awhile.
 
 For, the gun-sight approaches; it touches it.
 And in it it discovers a chunk of cheese
 It smells it, the cheese touches it rises 
 and falls in the trap
 
 3 Mice
 
 I will tell you another short of three mice that sleep happy in three booths.
 they look for his food,
 they wash his small clothes
 they are sung , they flirt.
 	Observa cada  escena  y comenta acerca de lo que hacen los niños de la cierra
 	the next day the neighboring house were found in STORK
 
 the stork put on the table
 a bottle filled with shredded food;
 metio peak inside her and ate
 to finish everything.
 
 the fox was left licking
 inutilmente the neck of the bottle
 at the end, the stork said:
 
 I hope friend, who has been satisfied
 the fox did not answer. I returned very upset
 home with their tails between their legs.
 
 the fox never imagine the cigueña out more
 clever she
 	a bird comes flying
 all stare
 aymeduele this down
 all patients shout
 and his legs waving
 
 tigers eaters,
 It gives them a pat
 in their tummies
 
 the culebritas and the baby turtles, gives them milk
 condensed in a tablespoon.
 
 Already they are all healthy! They're already all good!
 ALL rien! All they cry!
 Long live the aymeduele doctor!
 	The telephone.
 
 Rin... Rin..  Rin... 
 Sounds the telephone
 He approaches instantly
 The elephant ask
 -How its this?
 -Its my friend the Bear?
 -Where you call me?
 
 screaming and furious
 awnser the Bear:
 
 -Stop screaming! 
 says the elephant 
 
 What you want?
 Cooffe, Herbs or mate?
 
 -nothing of that 
 I want chocolate!
 	At the end the wind, came the two fish to look for the turtle and only protection its shell, attached to the rocks. -Oh! Insecure and he died! - sad.
 At that time, the turtle pulled his head and said to them --No I died! And here I am! They know to save me? Because the special model of my nice house, protect my beautiful body.
 	But the chef came, and he put in the stew the bully tomato because he was round and red
 	We strolling through an orchard , we saw a dead worm  by the tail and yank not remove the worm  jala told my brother it seems a big worm  
 but suddenly oh surprise, a rat was the prey
 	Watch the fours pictures,  interpret and relate the story
 	
 	Collection I like read
 Children's Stories
 	Once, a wasp entangled in a spider web, the mouse UN passing by that place , seeing the frightened wasp, pitied her and help her . Rompio the red THEIR sharp teeth and La Avispa Could Escape . Thanks friend told a mouse do . I will never forget esta Good Action. Then he flew away. Shortly afterwards, while the mouse ROIA UN UN delicious cheese cat was hoping to catch him. At that time, I get the wasp flying and realizing the danger to his friend quickly peak of the cat's ear . Size to pain, The Greedy cat immediately disappeared .
 	Mr. Red Tomato
 Mr. Red Tomato is a very naughty guy
 He always insults the poor turnip because he is white and has a tail
 He says curved and dwarf to the little radish and yells to the peas -!Little pills, dwarfs, old!
 To the humble carrot, he has invented an ugly story. He shames the green beans because they are green and skinny.
 	Hen paints
 a grandfather and a grandmother had a hen that affection was called "paints"
 one day crowing and hen laid an egg.
 the egg was golden
 Grandpa hit him and not partio
 Grandma hit him and so did
 cat and dog playing and fell off the table
 Grandma and Grandpa were very sorry
 Suddenly his penalty just because "paints" cackle
 whitey put another egg, but no longer gold
 	I need a little place . Well - they Answered all . They tightened well and gave site . It stop raining. The sun shine and everyone left happy. The ant exclaimed :
 - How has this happened? So many in such a small place? A toad was listening replied:
 - Croc - croc, it is the goodness of what made you come all in such a small place .
 I am also very happy. Let's have a round to sing my song :
 
 Frog, toad frog and step cloudburst .
 Happy Sing your song , frog , toad frog.
 	Fish  and little turtle
 
 Once upon a time, two fish  which live in sea found a little turtle and made fun of her because  they thought  she had an ugly body.
 
 Suddenly, a strong current appeared and crashed fish against the rocks.  "Hide  yourself" they shouted to little turtle.
 	He continued his career and reached a cotton field.
 Alli stopped and searched rounder cotton swab.
 Then he let out a pine and sack some strong rubber.
 Then, she puts the rubber on the site where thought I should be his tail and hit just cotton snowflake on the sticky gum. Then I sat without moving step all night.
 Only when the sun rose, rose Bunny Mocho. He ran toward the stream and the crystal clear waters saw his beautiful tail.
 Then I ran to the field of carrots and lunched there. Then, back to the dancing of joy forest. squirrel, parrot, cat and other animals recognized that the bunny was the latest fashion. They formed a circle and danced joyously to celebrate the bunny.
 	
 	In the morning the child God was born in the midst of poverty and humility. Maria wrapped in swaddling clothes and laid him in a manger.A few shepherds watching their sheep were an angel and I announce the birth of baby Jesus.The shepherds went in haste and knelt to worship the baby Jesus.Then, thousands of angels appeared to praise God singing, "Glory to God in the highest and peace on earth to men who love the Lord".A mysterious star to the three Wise Men for a long journey to get to Bethlehem. The three kings worshiped the baby Jesus and offered him gold, frankincense and myrrh.
 	One day, a sly fox invited to dinner at his neighbor, the stork. To mock her put a plate with liquid food on the table.
 
 The stork despite his sacrifice could not eat with its long beak. Instead the fox with his tongue quickly ate all the food.
 
 Then with his ironical voice a mocking the fox asked to the stork:
 Have you been satisfied dear neighbor?
 Very much! - Answered the stork
 Tomorrow I will offer a delicious dinner.
 Please accept my invitation
 	the ants
 	Presentation
 
 The little childrens when they  read the books of stories recognize
 the words related whit shapes they see. step by step, taken by they 
 curiosity, associated, related, interpret, understand and describe the 
 images, expressing the contents whit their own words. In this age, them, 
 the storys can carry out a dual function: entertain
  and develope in them the basics skills of ear and speak
 since before of iniciate the formal learning of the reading and writing.
 
 for this reason, storys who are include in this book are short and simple
 and are carrefuly select and adapt to childrens who starts to learn to read.
 the ilustrations attractive and interesting who are show in this pages seak to stimulate 
 the oral expresion.
 
 whit this educational material, we are propose to contribute  to what our childrens 
 educated like goods peruans and to what, in every moment, love the nature and 
 lear to aprecite the wonderful work of good. We seak Likewise to show situations who 
 can help to think about  fundamental values to theirs life, and especially to get stimulated to 
 put it in motion
 
 since small:
 They learn to cultivate friendship and solidarity are
 love the truth and honest sena
 They get used to doing things right
 	Patito keep  walking and to a barn  arrive
 A cow called him: Muu! muu! muu!
 Patito wanted say: Muu!;
 But can do it.
 
 Patito was sad
 He could not say miau!;
 He could no say guau!;
 He could no say  tui!;
 He could no say muu!
 
 Duck Mom worried
 called to little duck and called
 Cua! - cua! - cua! - cua!
 Patito finally answered
 Cua! cua! cua!
 Patito understood
 that he could say 
 Cua! cua! cua!
 	Two old mice give wise advice to his little mouse
 I was the devil; I was rascal ; She runs everywhere, but flees when , fleeing like the wind Mousetrap
 It has a soul that device cat !
 Runs the little mouse and a sweet whiff guide his career to the mousetrap .
 	the ride Duckling
 Duckling went for a walk.
 on the road , kitty greeting him :
 meow meow meow meow Duckling meant but could not
 He duckling walking a dog when I approached him .
 the dog said wow, wow Duckling meant but could not
 Duckling while walking , a little bird singing : tui, tui, tui .
 Duckling he meant but could tui
 	
 	Margaret
 
 there it is
 the pretty house,
 where Margaret lives.
 
 this is the little goat
 that Margaret raises.
 
 this is the cheese
 that Margaret made
 with her goat's milk
 	
 	Joseph and Mary lived in a city called Nazareth.
 The archangel Gabriel  was sent by God to anounce Mary that She would be the Mother of the Mesias.
 Joseph and Mary traveled to Egypt to acomplish with the census that had ordered the Emperador Cesar Augusto. As there was no place to stay, they took shelter in a stable.
 	Pegleg bunny
 in the forest was born a bunny tailless
 a squirrel as he passed said, -¡ but give me grief bunny! you're not finished yet ! - You 'll miss the end! -laughing , wince nose , moved his cute tail and retreat.
 
 Pegleg worried about failing bunny went to a stream to look in the mirror of its waters.
 if the squirrel has reason- said aloud .
 'If clear that if - a parrot replied laughingly that looked their colorful feathers
 
 suddenly, bunny mocho I came up with a good idea and started running fast.
 atravezo the forest and not a moment stopped to eat .
 	The naughty monkey 
 A naughty monkey lived on the woods. 
 One day on a trip, an elegant and tall giraffe greeted him and joined him. 
 The two friends came to a very nice place with a lot of trees. 
 The naughty monkey came up with the idea of plucking the leaves to play with his friend. 
 Then, they felt that the branches were moving strongly and suddenly they got stuck.
 	Ichi enanito, Inside a mountain, came out a dwarf. She had red hair. it was called ichi. by the rocks, he is jumping ichi and
 her hair is tangled between pencas, ichi was funny and joker.
 when the miners surprised, he touched his belly like a drum
   and grunted to make them scare
 	The caramel house
 
 The kids say good by to his father and suddenly them 
 are alone in the forest, and they walk around until find a 
 caramel house. They knock the door and old woman open the door
 and invite them to enter.
 
 once in the house, the old woman enslave the kids and 
 force them to make her domestic task.
 
 One day, the kids deceived the old woman and enclose 
 her in a jail, then, the kids escape and find home 
 and his father
 	Kindly hormiguita
 While seeking his comidita an ant , a heavy rain fell then, a hole she got into the trunk of a tree. Suddenly I get a butterfly and said:
 - I wet my wings and I can not fly.
 The ant replied,
 - Come this site is very small : but here we'll stay two .
 When the butterfly had settled , a mouse came running and said : - Please ! water has wet me . I need a place .
 - Oh! - Said the butterfly . The gap is very small, but it 'll give you a sitiecito .
 I was still falling rain suddenly came a bird hopping and said :
 - My feathers are wet and can not fly .
 	Watch and read into each square. Then, associate the six stages and tell a tale.
 	
 	Minino and Tabaco 
 Guau! Guau! Give me my food 
 Miau! Miau! Miau! Food is mine.
 Guau! Guau!Guau! If you do not give it to me I will bite your tail and you will cry.
 Miau! Miau! Miau! I do not give it up to you 
 If you bite me I will shall scratch you 
 Teresita appears and take away the bone,,  she rebukes them: a bone my animals have to fight?
 Tabaco and Minino wanted to cry: gua, gu,gua .....;miau,miau,miau,,
 	I like Swim cua-cua-cua
 me too pio-pio-pio
 which adjoins lagoon, I want to swim
 relief , I 'm drowning pio- pio - pio
 wait, chick , I 'll save you
 poor wet chick !, is that this scared
 	In the nights, he plays his flute
 and he sings under the earht.
 His sweets songs come out to the air
 and get confused whit the sound of the rivers 
 
 At the dawn, the long tunes of 
 the midget Ichi wake up the childrens and 
 the calves and the little lambs lowed and dance 
 sweetly.
 	The doctor Aymeduele
 
 The aymeduele doctor , calm all pain. A Call Each answer the alarm. Have you sick ? Oh , what a calamity !
 
 Doctor rushed out the con un Medicines Full MALETIN striped .
 
 They call the most desperate : Aymeduele ! Where are you ?  see, I can no more.
 	
 	duckling and chick
 
 chick friend,
 I came out of a shell.
 !Cua-Cua-Cua!
 
 me too,
 ducky friend.
 !Pio-Pio-Pio!
 
 I like worms.
 !Pio-Pio-Pio!
 
 me too.
 !Cua-Cua-Cua!
 
 was pecking seeds.
 !Cua-Cua-Cua!
 
 me too.
 !Pio-Pio-Pio!
 	The angry tree began to speak and said:
 Why you destroy me? You do not know that God made  me to help us  to live better?
 So, monkey and giraffe ashamed they asked forgiveness and they promised help care for plants of the jungle.
 The tree freed and to give an example of friendship, gives to the giraffe some tender leaves an for the monkey some delicious mangos
 The friends left happy. They understood that they had learned a good lesson.
 	
