 	that hunting turtle?and all of snake has hippo, head down ,tremble and fall silentlion when asked this question .
 	the catalog of publications em available in bookshops or on request 1
 	ments. norbert and his cat laughing com me mad. disaster, he was not laughing at all.
 	Norbert and cat enclose disaster in a safe place and served a good cup of chocolate.the two friends were already better, they had almost forgotten their funny of bird
 	Norbert had never been any calls and the wonderet what he could make of it during the wole summer. He thought and proposed:-You would help me hang again my chairs?-Of course, replied without hesitation disaster.Norbert smiled.
 	So to remttre his Norbert wanted a drink of water in the bathroom But disaster shut him up . Could not get out. Fnally , very, very , very angry , Norbert smashed the foreman .-Tell Therefore , he cried , if you continue like this, it's going to be trouble !
 	The greatest possible discretion, Norbert put on a bathing suit and went to the pool.I was beginning to enjoy the sun and silence when the disaster took by surprise
 	
 	
 	Hans WilhelmDu balai !illustrated by the author
 	In his wake , Norbert was about one thing : he had to escape a monster
 	I think I have to go, said disaster suddenly pressed.He packed his bags in a flash and also saved quickly as possible.Norbert and his cat found themselves
 	it was a funny little man .-Hello! I'm your cousin. Desastre my name and I just spend the summer at home.-but..-I hungry, interrupted the disaster. or cousin ? .. You not worried , I'll find .Norbert understood nothing , but he was beginning to guess why his visitor applait Desastre .
 	he lifted disaster by the collar and looked him in the eye- what's wrong? whined disaster. I just wanted a little ser m amu that's all- Us, we do s not fun, if you must know!
 	Later, Norbert rid the dishes from lunch when disaster gave him a beautiful tripped piet ...and when Norbet wanted to offer a well-deserved nap, the Disaster tied up in his chair.
 	
 	but disaster seemed to have heard, and Norbert was desperate when he saw his best friend not to nechappait dedesastre nasty jokes.
 	Even at night, unable to sleep peacefully. Creeping stealthily to his room, the horrible cousin Norbert has made the fear of his life.
 	I think, finally said Norbert, that it is time to show our visitors what we find fun! They went up to the attic and get dressed. Disaster with all kinds of disguises
 	Tom demenage any trouble, my friends! Good idea, Waldo's best friends Help, Waldo! Picnic GOOD funny birthday, Cornelius! How to Win Friends and Influence People Go to three hours Sale meteur
 	a day that promised to be peaceful, landed a vicious cousin Dan the Bear Norbert life.Norbert is very nice, but her patience has limits
 	
 	I believe this day will be delicious ! Norbert was said this morning that he then swept his kitchen humming .Suddenly there was a knock at the door. Who could it be  ? ...
 	Perhaps everything will go well with this Desastre, finalmentand he gave a brush and paint his cusin.Desastre but found vitece boring job and preferred to consecrer its own leaders-d'ceuvre
 	
 	
 	
 	Even the small concert Norbert evening ends badly ...-If you want to be our friend, you have interest!stop your naughty jokes he is angry
 	alone again , but it really was not a disaster
 	
 	hans wihelmget out waldo and his friendsstories castermanquater & plus
 	at breakfast the next day my -tin , disaster was in full - forme. this time , that's enough , said Norbert leaving the table .
