 	
 	
 	- Ah, yes, I wanted to rescue a princess.- What princess?What -N`importe.Perhaps the pricesse who lives in a glass castle and is guarded by thirteen owls.It's a good idea, said the lion. I am going to help you.Philibert and time lion.Walk to the end of the world, almost.There are glass castle treasureAnd thirteen thirteen towers owls perched, chancun holds in its beak a key.I have something whispers lion.Something for the key.
 	adsadas
 	
 	
 	a bit boring though, in the long run .It happens Philibert .I'll take a nap .
 	but this time we will choose one who lives in a castle gingerbread with, said the lion.I hungry.-Okay, Philibert said.Tomorrow the sun will rise to.There will be a new day and we will do fantastic things
 	a spider horror screams for help the thief.and it has s`enfuit heels.good, I scratch myself , Philibert said .Carefully he took the spider and deposited in the grass .Now , nothing prevents us to issue a princess.
 	
 	
 	
 	philibertannegert fuchsber
 	A collection of funny and moving stories on the threshold of the imagination, designed and illustrated by top creators of children's books.published titles:Xandi and the monsterBounjour, small whalethe magic jacketan elephant, break ca ...a dream lesson for a small dormousethe marvelous flying bedwacky stories of Papa Snapmy friendstravel brunoUncle Ernest and delightedthe drawing lessonif the mice were worthcroc porcupine eater of dreamspirouette and Reseda to chaos-the-madnessa bear in the cloudsfeufollet, the last dragon
 	
 	
 	philibertAnnegert Fuchshuber
 	And some flowers ,a tree,a blue sky
 	
 	thank you, I have enough to eat, said the lion.Now I can help you.á help me do what?you called for help, said the lion.ah yes ... Of course, stammers Phillibert.We do know that answer ...
 	with thirteen dice, Philibert opens the thirteen doors of the glass castle and the princess is issued.Ah , how happy I am ! She said.I had enoughto forever wash fenétres .Only owls hoot and weep.Luckily, Philibert in his pocket a large cake with strawberries and á la créme Chantilly.Just enough to comfort sad thirteen owls.I gladly would taste , the lion growls .
 	Philibert is happy,the Sun shines,the flowers are in bloom,the birds sing,Apples are ripe,it smells like cinnamon and honey,what a beautiful corner,
 	Fortunately I am not married, said Philibert- It's a good idea, said the lion.Come on.But they do not go far.- hands up ! shouts the thief.Your money, and fast!- Excuse me, Philibert said,but we have no money. Not a penny.- Me neither, said the lion.- Scratch my nose, pleasePhilibert request the thief.It is not something that tickles me and I have to keep my hands in the air.
 	leon en ventana
 	
 	Krrrrrrrrrk !This egg have a crackand...
 	
 	Philibert starts shouting: -I have a pie chart. An old! A delight! Who wants some? -moi Me me me me me me me me me me me me me me cry together the thirteen owls. And they drop the keys: one two tree four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen
 	- Oh said, pilibertit's dangerous,I may fall from the book.j`ai need d`un ground under my feet , as ca.
 	Philibert revellie start.It has near him a big roaring lion .- Help! shouts philiberth- I'm hungry! roared the animalPhilibert quickly launches into the lion's mouth all that comes to hand
 	-I have delivered you, so you have to marry me,Philibert said the princess.-With pleasure.Or is your castle?I do not have a castle, Philibert said.I have a broken egg, a bedand a meadow full of flowers.-this is not enough,said the Princess stifflyI can not marry you.So much the worse, answered Philibert.Jaime as well stay single.It surrounds the princess of pink cotton,puts it in a boxI'envoie and the king his fatherwhich I'avait not seen for a hundred years.
 	... By that crackPhilibert tip nose.
