 	the snout agitated amaru fog becomes entangled in the tops of the hills and the rocks frays follows. the movement of their wings rains that are falling drop by drop and then in torrents rush.
 	the amaru
 demigod water
 danilo sanchez Lihon
 Editorial bruno
 	Of her fish tail is broken off hail in round and transparent balls patter and slide down the slopes. gold silver glitter fires and clear his burning body, and reflecting the slow rainbow leaves born.
 So the water run again when life seems extinguished. Falling rain and light up the eyes of the springs. Revives the grass and are filled streams, creeks and puquiales. grasslands are softened and riverbeds are filled.
 	The Amaru
 	Flit briefly in hot air and turning his weakness into strength is directed upwards towards the mountains . He came to the edge of the lagoon Wacracocha was about the hardest rock and if you dare to drink elusive , even to overfly its waters were quiet
 	This way our forbears narrate us. And they us warn that in the dazzling scales of the amaru estan inscribed(registered) all the signs, the matters and landscapes. There estan sensed beforehand all the destinations(destinies), the tiny dew and the impetuous cataracts. There estan all the letters, all the numbers and all the keys: the baskets you go or empty, as the slow coffins. In them estan planned all the ways, since(as,like) raised and erased(smeared) all the cities; they live(inhabit) all the feelings and all the mistakes. Of there realities and dreams are born
 	after contemplating the unfathomable waters flew to the summit waitapallana. the highest mountain chain between a moles curled  and deep precipices ever achieved by the falcon, condor or eagle.
 	Almost exhausted, the hummingbird was passed in its icy summit by the wind.
 With the Bleeding Heart and the final breath he had left, he begged the mountain.
 Father Waitapallana. To you we worship and we ask you, because you have been fathered involved. We hear! And the earth feels tenderness! Have mercy and save us from drought.
 That said collapsed and a bundle of feathers were strewn in the untouched rock, smearing red.
 The Waitapallana felt deep sorrow that joined the grief he felt to see the earth barren and debastada. He recognized the perfume d picaflor the beloved flower qantu
 	When opened in bloom, turning the distance the sacred mountain and, refusing to die, was transformed their petals into wings, his corolla chest, the thorns of its stem in chordal feathers and yellow-blue-red yarn, excelled the fine head of a hummingbird that, fidgeting, broke off difficultly of the plant remained hopelessly burned.
 	So was her pain and her heartbeat so deep that two rough rock tears rolled down her cheeks and falling from the top by its deep precipices reached Wacracocha waters that were opened by pounding the universe.
 	long on the earth a great drought struck . as if everything is doomed , no longer icbu was no sign of the growing high grasses . They perished plants and herbs hills and shoals , and even the lichens and mosses that are woven into the stones died under the harsh sun
 	collection
 Myths and legends
 1. the amaru
 2. aventures of the fox
 3. the enchanted bird
 	With sinuous movements rose into the air noisily waving his body.
 The sun, seeing it, is trobled; reverberate confusing its rays in outer space becomes purple-maroon-black. His head and his eyes blazing fire burst of anger.
 	The roar, grief and tears of Huaytapallana reached the bottom of the lake and woke the powerful amaru, sleeping curled up in the profundidaddes, along the ridge, and whose head rests on the bed of the enchanted lake.
 
 I slowly earth moved violently stretched. Caia hills shrouded in dust. They are rolling rocks with a rough noise. the amaru gently slid his head, as he unscrewed.
 	And ten thousand warriors ruddy chins with silver beards, dressed in helmets, breastplates and spurs, riding on spirited steeds, are launched to combat it.
 The Amaru to see them coming out to meet it rising imposing and wagging his tail rushing disorganizing beams of fire. A swirl of fear envelops covering the vault of heaven.
 A barrage of lightning, a burst of shields and spears broken. glares are seen and heard smashes.
 Amaru her lithe body undulates in the wind. The struggle is fierce and uncertain!
 	Fields quartered thirst. In the bed of ancient rivers and ponds cracks opened and stretched dusty plains. The stones caldeaban treeless to give them shade. on the brown earth, giblets and sharp pebbles, whistling wind.
 Even qantu flower, the only one who resists and flourishes in arid and style, felt her withered petals, leaves and then later as they were wasting their roots. It remained only a branch with a bud intact slowly gushed from a twisted stems.
 	series:
 myths and legends about Peru.
 Ilustrations:
 Rosamar Corcuera
 	at first only a slight tremor is felt on the surface
 Lake, then a wobble on the banks translucent and
 Suddenly a growing wave that shook the mountain, alzandonse
 after a turbulent foam and rough waters.
 in the middle of the lake appeared the divine amaru snake
 headed winged flame and fishtail timeless eye
 crystal and a transparent glow, reddish HOCIO and eyelids
 perfect, with two short wings is moved along
 her body.
 raised his head sank and white wool and vermilion that
 It covers her neck, her forehead and ears, and walk her innocent look
 in a strange encounter between day and night outside
 inside.
