 	with a verse and a  pearl, a  feather an a flower
 	The princess didn't lie,
 and so, she said the truth:
 ´´I went to cut my star
 in the blue inmensity´´
 	the wanted to make decorating a prendedor
 	So the pretty girl left,
 under the sky and above the sea
 	
 	when he was already returned Mr. parks , he looked all wrapped in a sweet glow
 	And she says:
 
 "There was no attempt; I went not know why; by waves and wind I went to the star and cut her"
 	The exquisite princesses look like greatly you
 	
 	this beautiful little princess, who keeps for brooch they look, with the star, verse, pearl, pen and flower
 	Dario Ruben- Poetry
 nicaraguan poetry , children literature nicaraguan 
 first edition:september 2009
 original title: A Daisy Debayle
 All rights reserved according to law
 childrens book
 	cut lilies, cut roses, cut stars. they are well.
 	ruben dario
 	And the angry father says
 "A punishment  you have: returns to heaven, and stolen you do return now
 	
 	la princesa era traviesa y la quiso ir a coger
 	This was a king who had a palace of diamonds, a tent made a day and a herd of elephants.
 	Princess grieves over her sweet flower of light, when then appears smiling good Jesus
 	to Margarita
 	Cut the white star that makes her sigh.
 	And he says: "In my countryside that rose I offered are my flower girls in dreaming my "
 	Away from me because you'll be , keep , girl, a gentle thought that one day I wanted to tell a story.
 	And the king exclaims : "I have not said that blue do not touch that madness that will make he mad ?
 	
 	
 	but the trouble is that she was going without permission from the father
 	four elephants on the shore of the sea
 	A kiosk of malachite, a large mantle tissue , and a gentle princess , so pretty, Margarita , as pretty as you
 	Did you see the king wears bright clothes, and then do parade.
 	Rubèn Darìo
 illustration
 Àlvaro Borrasè F.
 A Margarita
 	One afternoon the princess saw a star appear
 	Margarita, the sea is cute, and the wind takes the subtle essence of orange blossom: your breath.
 	And he keep his way to the top,
 for the moon and  beyond;
 	And the king said ''¿ What have you done? I have searched and did not find him; What you have in the chest, which looks on you''
 	I feel
 in the soul a lark Cancar :
 your accent.
 Margarita, 'll sing
 a story.
 	Margarita the sea is beautiful ,
 and wind,
 It takes subtle essence of orange blossom
