 	
 	But missing a lot for that time that comes.  It is almost impossible to think that someday there will be peace.
 
 Perhaps that day that I in the other world, beyond where will not see me; but if you'll be happy to feel that my purpose is over.  It is almost impossible to happen, but...there is always hope.
 	What a whisper, what a delight!
 I feel  a glint of the stars
 Invading me
 Surrounding me
 
 What a sound so clear
 what a lament
 And on passing my hands
 through the naked body
 I feel the spring
 vibrate
 And strike a cry
 	my room
 	
 	
 	Dance poetics
 
 I would like to be a poet;
 the flowers are rhyming to my poetry,
 the rain is falling back armonia,
 leaving my voice, song will turn.
 	N
 8613
 T315
 Terin Saborio, Maria Milagros
 Poemas de una nina / Maria Milagros
 
 Teran Saborio; ilustrador Marta Beatriz
 Editorial Libros para Ninos, 2010
 
 ISBN: 978-99924-67-32-9
 1. POESIA NICARAGUENSE-SIGLO XIX
 2. LITERATURA INFANTIL
 
 Para esta edicion
 Todos los Derechos Reservados segun la Ley
 Septiembre 2010
 
 Edicion: Libros para Ninos 
 Texto: Milagros Teran 
 Ilustraciones: Marta Toledo
 
 Diseno: Sandra Donin y Martha Cuart
 Cuido de edicion: Gabriela Telleria Picon
 Editor: Anastasio Lovo
 
 Impresion: Printex S.A.
 Tiraje: 2.000 ejemplares
 
 Prohibida la reproduccion total o parcial de esta obra, 
 por cualquier medio, sin permimso escrito de la Editorial.
 
 Con el apoyo de la Real Embajada de Noruega en  Nicaruagua 
 
 www.Ipninos.com
 	Dream
 
 Mother, that crazy idea I have. I would like to be a poet and not a child and not bad but good. I do not think it's so easy.
 
 I guess my name on a white paste, bookstores full of people buying. My delighted family, my cheerful heart, and my mind creating more and more thoughts.
 	
 	A night held high with a sky held clean, the birds that sing melodies without rhythm
 
 The wind that is felt when a lament is said, an old white beard when it says "I love you."
 
 A silent girl, thinks and composes a dream, the leaves of the trees say a thought.
 
 She is silent and reasons, wants to capture a dream, a dream that escapes because it doesn't want to be owned.
 
 And a mother calls her, wants to give her advice, "look child, it's already late, compose your dream"
 
 It's that mother... you don't understand? I escape life! That life that is only a happy thought.
 	
 	
 	To a boy
 
 Those eyes that change color
 And that smile, rarely natural
 often unfeigned
 If you knew how you make me think!
 	
 	My purpose
 
 I have to keep firm,
 without turning around.
 
 Continue moving forward,
 walk and fight.
 
 Reach the goal,
 crown myself with flowers.
 
 And then continue forever without turning back.
 	poems for a girl
 by milagros teran
 illustrations by marta toledo
 	My soul, my mom, and the sky
 When I look at the flowers and compare myself to them I see that I sink to such beauty.
 When I see the skies and I look how clean they are, I see my dirty soul to such purity.
 When I look at my mom and see how tender she is, I want to talk to her and tell her that I love her.
 	
 	Poems of a girl by Milagros Teran, illustrations by Marta Toledo
 	"Live"
 
 If I'm alone,
 I am nothing. 
 To feel the sun,
 To feel alive
 Is the best.
 
 To hear a bird sing,
 To see a flower born, 
 To feel the sun burn...
 That is really what it is like to live!
 
 I want to transmit this message to the youth
 because I am like them: 
 When they feel the rain fall
 that is living.
 	Love 
 Everytime I see the sea
 I love you more and more
 
 When my heart palpitates
 I give you a smile
 A smile that shows what I couldnt
 explain with words
 
 I dont know if you know
 But I secretly love you
 My love is bigger than the sea
 And my feelings clearer
 and more sincere
 Than a wave as it strikes
 	I begin to open my eyes, and I also begin to see. I have changed, I'm sorry. I am like them, those of the world. Why are they like that? And upon weighing it all, I love them even though they don't realize it. I don't want to be like them, for they are bad. They have to be that way, in order to continue living. They have made me that way, as I am. I understand them, but... Do I understand myself?... Who understands me?
 	Claim
 
 How beautiful is the world in which we live is more a compliment is not it; It is a mockery that I feel for riches and poverty.
 With my strong and silent look, I will sing to the world as it is; if "God live what we live for, I assure you: It would not be like that!"
 	My soul
 I feel that my soul has risen
 and is lost in the clouds
 Where will it go?
 It crosses mountains and rivers
 volcanoes and lakes
 It continues always that way:
 Rising
 Rising
 It is a modern soul
 
 Finally
 It stops, looks at me
 and continues its path
 It is an aimless soul
 	The happiness
 I  dream that one day I  will find a  happiness,
 a happiness that we all want to have.
 And then I realized:  What is happiness?
 Is it perhaps a question, a rule,  
 a flower from another place, a rare climate,
 from another time?
 
 What is happiness?
 Something that comes out of nowhere,
 something  that fizzles in the air,
 it will, it  moves away from me...
 It is lost.
 	My brances
 
 I have spent many months wearing these chains in my teeth
 In order to be more beautiful
 in order to close my mouth
 in order to smile like a princess
 
 Today I was released
 Gone are the wires
 The barbed wires
 The chains
 	Inside my mouth, swim, happy as fish, my teeth.
 
 They are smooth as rose petals, are smooth as silk, are free to eat jocote, mango, and hard corncobs.
 	There is always hope
 Today I feel sad. Why? I do not know;
 I would like to go beyond where you can go to be alone,
 laugh, sing and enjoy all leibertad.
 Quies place to go an
 where there is only love and peace
 that is what this world needs
 in order to be truly happy.
 I would, but I can not help
 this world more
 I am so little that would be useless.
 But if instead,
 all were proposed to help,
 cooperate with me
 if there would be peace, tranquility ...
 	Just in case, maybe
 
 perhaps some day
 you wanted
 to steal the sky
 no speaking
 
 if maybe someday
 you shut up
 you would steal my life
 without feeling
 
 if maybe someday
 you wanted
 to keep talking about my life
 you would want
 
 if maybe someday
 from high in the sky
 you would as a bird,
 sing
 
 feel the glory,
 of life in death
 and sing deeply
 of a new idea
 	The bamboo bends with drowsy singing in the night. Upright and firm, they dance to a compass of strange music.
 Their strong stems dance while the cold of the night tells them it's nonsense.
 That noise - how strange!
 It looks like the tall bamboo will break.
 And much later, dawn breaks.
 The birds roost in the heights [of the trees]
 The bamboo is quiet, already sleeping while they rest,
 and the birds count on it in the night
 	My life
 
 Life is my life, my world.
 
 My life, my sound, my birth.
 
 The feel alive for everyone.
 
 The feeling I do not live to live.
 	
 	Is it that you don't understand it or that you don't want it? Do you not know that I ___ you, that in my heart the tears ___ me? That I wait and dream of you all day? Is it that you don't understand? I wait for you in my dreams, I miss you in the night when my heart dreams of talking to you. Do you not understand? I want you to realize that I exist, that I live _____ your presence and that I don't only live, but also die wanting you.
 	These poems were written in 1975 by Milagros Teran. They showed their quality in the poetry contest "Gil Mariano Fiallos" UNAN-Leon 1976. She was 13 then.
 	
 	Can't translate
 	The song of the rain. 
 I believe that I dream and think that the tallest mountain will fall, that the tallest clouds will drop. 
 Is it true what the rain says as it sings,  what it says the other night when the moon was voicing its regrets? 
 
 I am new, I replied. I don't understand nor comprehend your singing.
 
 Do you want to see what I think?
 It's only a dream.
 	Suffer
 
 When I am alone
 I tell my pains to the air
 So that it can notice my suffering
 
 When the hours pass
 and my cries have stopped
 I feel that my living has ended
 
 That I am like a rose
 that I was marching
 that i do not have color
 nor do I interest anyone
 	Three friends
 by  Katia and Roxana
 
 As we walk down life's  path, 
 let us  sing.
 how three little butterflies play together,
 how three little hearts who desire,
 playing, singing, and enjoying the life,
 brimming with joy in our souls.
 
 God who watches us from heaven
 compares his greatness with us
 
 Laughing, wanting, we have been praying
 asking for God that is in heaven
 	Poems of a girl
 	
 	In Nature
 
 To feel the freshness of the green in my hands,
 I am in communication with the gods, without care
 
 We are already in winter. The flowers are showing
 their colors, the grass is already showing its freshness
 
 What has happened in my soul to see so much beauty?
 The gods are very close to nature
 	My shoes
 
 My school shoes
 are black leather moccasins. 
 They don't have heels.
 They trap with the rays of the sum across  the sidewalks.
 
 My school shoes
 the laces used to be of 
 two colors.
 They are now more confortable.
 Una moneda.
 I no longer have to tie them.
 
 They let loose on the streets,
 like doves.
 	Tree
 I give all my support,
 my help is not much.
 I give them all
 my smile
 
 I feel like a big tree
 rootless
 because I'm a walker
 on the road of life
 
 I know I have to learn a lot
 still
 and to appreciate
 what is in this life
 	To a friend
 
 I need you
 I need your help and I ask for it
 Don't leave me when I need the warmth that you give me
 No one understands the care that I feel, they don't know
 
 It is something special within me and it burns me
 It is a love of sisters
 And I ask for you to never leave me
 	
 	
 	
 	For Victoria Eugenia
 Ariana Lucia
 Alexia Jose and 
 Andrea Milagros
 	
 	
