 	observe every scene and say what they are doing in every scene
 	Again the bear called: save the seal! Yesterday, a hedgehog jabbed the seal.
 
 Yesterday, he called the pig: "Do you have a Mockingbird? The nightingale and I could sing a song in his honor." "No way! No sir! It will never sing the nightingale with the pig!"
 
 Later, when it was dark, he called the kangaroo: "Tell me, does the sheep live there?" It shouted indignantly: "You are wrong! He has scored wrong! Call the center!"
 	The girl and her brother. 
 
 In a house like this, close to the Amazon river, lives Juanita with her dad, her mom, and Pedrito.
 
 Pedrito likes to play near the river, Juanita tells him: "Pedrito, Lets Play", but the boy is mischevious and leaves all alone. Since Pedrito runs the risk of drowning, his sister takes care of him and takes him home.
 	observe each scene and comment what the children of the () are doing
 	This is the mouse,
 that is in a corner,
 eating cheese
 Margarita made
 with milk from his goat.
 
 Here is Minino cat,
 looking at mouse,
 ate the cheese
 Margarita made,
 with milk from his goat.
 
 This is the dog,
 chasing the cat,
 I hunt the mouse,
 ate the cheese
 Margarita made,
 with milk from his goat.
 	Dont cry little sister. Says juanita, we will go play with the plants. Take this white flower, and also take these leaves so you can play. Pedrito laughed with his sister. Juanita showing her the yellow flowers said, " these are some cute chicks". For the big leaves "This is a canoe". For the small leaves " these are butterflies". That way Juanita made up stories and games for Pedrito and took care of him while their mom and dad worked. When the mom and dad return from the farm they find the kids happy.
 	It's silly to call this a cat. I'm not scared! It looks good from afar for a while. 
 
 He stops. Looks at it. He approaches; touches. And discovered a piece of cheese ! Sniffs . Tempts . He gobbles the cheese and falls into the trap! 
 
 I'll tell you another story of three mice sleeping happily in the three drawers. They find their food , they wash their clothes , they sing , they're lulled to sleep.
 	Observe the images and comment on what Sierra's kids do.
 	On the next day, the neighbors ran into each other in the pelican's house. The pelican put a bottle full of ??? food on top of the table. The fox futilely tried to reach past the neck of the botel. At the end, the pelican told the fox: "I hope, friend, that you have been satisfied." The fox did not respond to the pelican. Very annoyed, the fox returned to its house with its tail between its legs.
 	A bird arrived flying
 Everyone wanted to look
 Aymeduele was getting off
 All of the sick yelled
 and their legs shook
 
 To the tiger eaters
 he gave them pats
 on their tummies
 
 To the snakes and the tortoises, he gave condensed milk in a tablespoon
 
 And they were all healthy! They were already all good!
 Everyone laughed! Everyone yelled!
 Long live the doctor Aymeduele!
 	The Telephone
 Ring... ring... ring... sounds the telephone.
 The elephant approaches it instantly and answers the telephone.
 -Who is it?
 -Is it my friend the bear?
 -From where did he call me?
 Snarling furiously, the bear responded:
 -Stop snarling! said the elephant
 What do you want to ask?
 Coffee, tea, or [mate?]
 I want none of that. I want chocolate!
 	After the strong wind subsided, 
 the two fish came out
 to look for the turtle
 and only found its shell,
 stuck to the rocks.
 Oh, surely he has died! they said, sadly. 
 
 At that moment, the little turtle
 stuck his head out and said:
 I have not died! I'm right here!
 Do you know why I survived? 
 Because the special model
 of my pretty house, 
 protects my beautiful body.
 	"You have the face of a donkey," repeated the pepper and boots the poor chili pepper. "Get out of here!" "You're fresh and have wrinkles," she criticized the lettuce. He calls to the onion, and moans. "You smell like a  scourer!" censors Mister Garlic. "Only me, I am very beautiful, chubby, and delicious. I am the king of the vegetables! I hear, ugly creatures? But the cook came and because the quarrelsome tomato was fat and colorful, he melted him in the stew.
 	Strolling through the orchard, we saw a dead worm. 
 I grabbed it by the tail and I didn't get the worm out. 
 "Pull!" I told my brother - It looks like it is a giant worm. 
 But suddenly - What a surprise! - it was actually a rat.
 	Look at the four scenes. Interpret and name the story.
 	index
 	collection i like to read
 	One time, a fly got caught in a web. A mouse that passed by, seeing the scared fly, felt compassion for the fly and helped it. The mouse broke the web with its teeth and the fly was able to escape. "Thanks!", said the fly to its friend the mouse. Never will I forget this good action. Later, the fly returned. A little time later, while the mouse gnawed a delicious block of cheese a cat waited to trap it. In that moment, the fly arrived and upon realizing his friend's danger began to rapidly peck the ear of the cat. Before causing harm to the mouse, the cat disappeared immediately.
 	The red tomato is a very mean type. He always insults the poor turnip because it is white and has a tail. He says to the radish that it is bow-legged and short, and he yells at the peas: "Cone-shaped, needles, old"! At the humiliation of the carrot, the red tomato has invented bad rumors. He embarrasses the green beans for their greenness and skinniness. When he looks at the artichoke, he made it mope about its quills. And he laughed at the olluco, because it is fat and unrefined. He posited to the cabbage: "A thousand vests and only one sprout."
 	A grandma and graph have an egg that is unbreakable. They try cracking the egg in several different ways, and in the last picture they are standing infront of a hen with a facial expression that says that they understand what has been the cause of the unbreakable egg.
 	I need a little place. The animals found a plce to their liking. The sun is shining and everyone is happy. The ant exclaims: How has this happened? A place with such little creatures? A frog that was listening replied: Croc croc, it is goodness that allowed all of us to get together in such a place.
 	The fish and the turtle.
 
 One time 2 fish lived in the sea and found a turtle. They laughed at her because to them her turtle body was ugly. 
 
 In that moment. A strong current passed that slammed the fish to rocks. "Hide!" they yelled at the Turtle.
 	
 	Observe, and interpret the scene. Narrate the story. Invent a title.
 	In the early morning, the boy God was born, in the middle of poverty and humility. Maria wrapped him in diapers and leaned him back in a manger. An angel was presented to some shepherds who were taking care of their sheep and announced to them the birth of the boy Jesus. The shepherds hurried up and knelt to worship the boy Jesus. Immediately, thousands of angels appeared to praise the God singing: Glory to god in the heights and peace on earth to the men who love the Lord. A mysterious star guided the Three Wise Men during a long journey until they arrived in Bethlehem. The Three Wise Men worshipped the boy Jesus, and offered him gold, frankincense, and myrrh.
 	the astute
 	The ants
 	Young children when flicking through storybooks identify words by connecting them with the figures observed. Gradually, they are driven by their curiosity, associate, relate, interpret, understand and describe images, expressing the contents with their own words. At this age, then, stories can serve a dual function: to entertain and go developing in them the basic skills of listening and speaking before starting the formal learning of reading and writing.
 For this reason, the stories that make up this book are short and simple and are carefully selected and adapted for children beginning to learn to read. The attractive and interesting illustrations in its pages are intended to stimulate oral expression.
 With this educational material, we intend to help our children to be educated as good Peruvians and that, at all times, love nature and can appreciate the wonderful open from God. We seek also to create situations that will help them think about fundamental values ​​for their life and, above all, to encourage them to implement them.
 	The duckling continued walking, and it arrived at a stable. A cow called out: "Moo, moo moo!" The duckling wanted to say "moo" but it coudn't. 
 
 The duckling was sad. It couldn't say "meow", it couldn't say "ruff", it couldn't say "tweet", it couldn't say "moo"! 
 
 The mother duck tried to calm the duckling, saying: "Quack, quack, quack, quack!" The duckling finally responded: "Quack, quack, quack!" The duckling then understood that he could say "Quack, quack, quack"!
 	The little mouse
 Two old mice gave some wise advice to the little mouse.
 
 I know the devil; I know the rascal; he runs everywhere but vanishes in a moment, flees as the wind of a mousetrap. The apparatus has the soul of a cat!
 
 The little mouse ran and a sweet smell guided his path right to the mouse trap!
 	The duckling's walk:
 
 The duckling went for a walk. On the walk, the kitten greeted the duckling: "Meow, meow, meow!" The duckling wanted to say "meow" but couldn't. 
 
 When the duckling was passing by, a dog approached it. The dog said to it: "Ruff!" The duckling wanted to say "ruff" but couldn't.
 
 While the duckling was passing by, in a branch of a tree, a small bird sang. "Tweet-tweet-tweet!" The duckling wanted to say "tweet" but couldn't.
 	
 	Margarita lives in this pretty house. This is a cabrita that Margarita takes care of. This is the cheese that Margarita has made with cabrita.
 	Cuentos
 infantiles
 	Nativity
 
 Joseph and Mary lived in a city called Nazareth
 The Archangel Gabriel was commanded by God to tell Mary that she will be the mother of the Messiah.
 
 Joseph and Mary traveled to Egypt to comply with the census that Emperor Augustus had ordered. As there was no place to stay, they took shelter in a stable.
 	Pegleg bunny
 	A mischievous monkey lived in the jungle. One day, an elegant and high giraffe greeted him and accompanied him. The two friends came to a beautiful place where there were many trees. The mischievous monkey plucked the leaves to play with his friend.
 
 Then, they felt that the branches moved sharply and suddenly, and they were trapped.
 	The midget Ichi
 
 From inside a mountain, came out a dwarf. 
 He had red hair. He was called Ichi.
 For between sorrows, Ichi jumped
 and his hair got tangled among the leaves.
 
 Ichi was funny and a joker.
 When he surprised the miners,
 he touched his belly like a drum
 and growled to scare them.
 	Observe, interpret, and describe the scenes in each square. After, associate the contents of the six scenes and relate the story, expressing in complete sentences. Invent a title.
 	The kind ant
 While  an ant was searching for her food, a strong rain fell. So, she put herself in a hole in the trunk of a tree. Suddenly, a butterfly arrived and said to her: "I have wet wings and cannot fly." The ant answered, "Come, this place is very small, but here we can both stay." When the butterfly had settled, a mouse arrived running and said, " Please, the water has made me wet. I need a place." "Oh!" said the butterfly. The hollow is very small, but we will give you a small site. The rain continued to fall. Suddenly, a jumping bird arrived and said, "My feathers are wet and I cannot fly."
 	Observe and interpret each scene below. Then for the six pictures, tell a story.
 	Rights of edition and graphic arts reserved:
 Center of documentation and information of children's literature
 
 Selections and orientations (orations?)
 Lily C. de Cuelo
 	Puss and Snuff 
 Bark - bark - bark! 
 Give me my food.
 
 Meow - meow - meow!
 The food is mine.
 
 Bark - bark - bark!
 If you  do not give it  to  me,
 I will  bite your tail,
 and you will cry.
 
 Meow - meow - meow!
 I will not give.
 And if you bite me, 
 I will scratch you.
 
 Teresita appeared, and she reprimanded  them:
 Why do my animals  have to fight?
 Puss and Scruff were sorry and wanted to cry:
 bark, bark, bark...; meow, meow, meow...
 	I like to swim. Quack quack quack!
 Me too! Cheep cheep cheep!
 What a beautiful lake! I want to swim! 
 Help! I'm drowning! Cheep cheep cheep!
 Wait, little chick, I will come to save you.
 Poor little wet chick. It looks that it is scared.
 	At night, he played his flute
 and sings under the earth.
 Its soft songs came out air
 and they mingled with the noise of the rivers.
 At Amancer, the distant dwarf ichi tunes awakened the children and terneritors and bellowing and bleating lambs sweetly.
 	Dr. Ouch
 
 Dr. Ouch, calms  all pain.
 He answers every call to the alarm -
 They have become sick? 
 Oh, what a coincidence!
 
 The doctor hurries out
 with a striped briefcase
 full of medications.
 
 The most desperate say:
 Help me! Where are you?
 See, that I cannot anymore.
 	
 	The duckling and the chick
 
 My friend chick, I came out of a shell.  Quack quack quack!
 I did too my friend duckling.  Chirp chirp chirp!
 I like little worms. Chirp chirp chirp!
 Me too. Quack quack quack!
 I am pecking seeds.  Quack quack quack!
 me too.  Chirp chirp chirp!
 	The tree grabbed them and said to them:
 Why do you destroy me? You do not know that God created me to help you live?
 
 Then, the monkey and giraffe were embarrassed  and asked forgiveness, and promised to help care for the plants in the jungle.
 
 The tree let  them go and, to show his friendship, invited the giraffe to the leaves and the monkeys to the mangoes. 
 
 The friends were happy.  They  understood that  they had learned a good lesson.
 	Look, interpret and describe the scene. Then, associate the contents of the two scenes and tell the story orally. Invent a title.
